Added more commands to ignore list (#2079)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added the flag '-x', '--xsiam' to **upload** command to upload XSIAM entities to XSIAM server.
* Fixed the integration field *isFetchEvents* to be in lowercase.
* Fixed an issue where **validate -i** run after **format -i** on an existing file in the repo instead of **validate -g**.

> * Added more commands to ignore for **verify_yml_commands_match_readme** validation, the validation will no longer fail if this commands are not in the readme file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the following commands: 'get-remote-data', 'Update-remote-data', 'get-modified-remote-data', 'update-remote-system' to be ignored by the **verify_yml_commands_match_readme** validation, the validation will no longer fail if these commands are not in the readme file.
```
